[SOAR-9451] Azure Ad Admin update plugin to runtime 4 (#1259)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/azure_ad_admin/help.md

# Version History

> * 2.2.6 - Update plugin to use InsightConnect Runtime 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.2.6 - Update plugin to use the latest SDK
```
